---
title: War Rooms
description: Netdata Cloud uses War Rooms to group related nodes and create insightful composite dashboards based on their aggregate health and performance.
custom_edit_url: null
---

War Rooms organize your claimed nodes and provide infrastructure-wide views using real-time metrics and visualizations.

Once you add nodes to a War Room, you can then use various views and dashboards to montitor the health and performance
of your entire infrastructure from a single pane of glass. When an anomaly strikes, drill down into single-node
dashboards for every granular detail you need for root cause analysis.

## Available views in a War Room

The default view for any War Room is the [Overview](/docs/cloud/visualize/overview), which uses composite charts to
display real-time metrics from every available node in a given War Room. The [Nodes view](/docs/cloud/visualize/nodes)
helps you view key metrics and alarm status from all your nodes at a glance. Finally, use
[Dashboards](/docs/cloud/visualize/dashboards) to build rich, targeted interfaces for your infrastructure using any
number of charts from any number of nodes.

To switch between views, use the [view dropdown](#view-dropdown).

![Dropdown to navigate between War Room views](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/100912860-3f7ba400-348e-11eb-8b31-27a596e27a7b.png)

You can also jump to single-node dashboards from either the
[Overview](/docs/cloud/visualize/overview#jump-to-single-node-dashboards) or the [Nodes
view](/docs/cloud/visualize/nodes#jump-to-single-node-dashboards).

## The utility bar

At the top of every War Room is its utility bar. This bar helps you navigate through the various views and dashboards
available for a given War Room. Each utility bar contains three items: the **View dropdown**, the **node filter**, and
the **time picker**.

### View dropdown

The View dropdown lets you choose between various dashboards for monitoring your infrastructure. You can currently
choose between the [Overview](/docs/cloud/visualize/overview), [Nodes view](/docs/cloud/visualize/nodes), and creating
[new dashboards](/docs/cloud/visualize/dashboards), along with any specific dashboards you might have created already.

![The view
dropdown](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/95790189-c6cd4800-0c93-11eb-9abb-8855bf3bc1bf.png)

### Node filter

The node filter allows you to quickly filter the nodes visualized in a War Room's views. It appears on the Overview and
Nodes view, but not on single-node dashboards or new dashboards you might have created.

Use relational operators (==, !=, contains, and !contains) and logical operators (AND, OR), plus the name, OS, or
services running on your nodes to quickly turn any War Room into a focused troubleshooting interface. See what services
Netdata Cloud can filter by in the [supported collectors list](/docs/agent/collectors/collectors).

For example, `name == centos OR os == debian` filters any nodes by the exact name `centos` or has Debian as its
operating system.

You can also use parentheses around operators to create more sophisticated filters. `(name contains aws AND os contains
ubuntu) OR services == apache` shows only nodes that have `aws` in the hostname and are Ubuntu-based, or any nodes that
have an Apache webserver running on them.

If a filter is invalid or incomplete, Netdata Cloud shows a warning and will not run the filter until it's corrected.

### Metric Correlations

When viewing a single-node dashboard, the **Metric Correlations** button appears in the utility bar. Click this button
to use Netdata Cloud's built-in [metrics correlation feature](/docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations), which is
designed to help you find the root cause of anomalies faster.

### Time & date picker

By default, all visualizations in Netdata Cloud show the last 15 minutes of metrics data.

The time picker helps you select precise timeframes you want to investigate further. It appears in the Overview, Nodes
view, single-node dashboards, and new dashboards you might have created.

![The War Room time
picker](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/101411575-7262d500-389e-11eb-916e-feed2b026a81.png)

Use the Quick Selector to show metrics from the last 5 minutes, 15 minutes, 30 minutes, 6 hours, 12 hours, or 7
days.

Beneath the Quick Selector is an input field and dropdown you use in combination to select a specific timeframe of
minutes, hours, days, or months. Enter a number and choose the appropriate unit of time.

Use the calendar to select multiple days. Click on a date to begin the timeframe selection, then an ending date.

Click **Apply** to re-render all visualizations with new metrics data streamed to your browser from each distributed
node. Click **Clear** to remove any changes and apply the default 15-minute timeframe.

The fields beneath the calendar display the beginning and ending timestamps of the timeframe selected.

## War Room organization

We recommend a few strategies for organizing your War Rooms.

**Service, purpose, location, etc.**: You can group War Rooms by a service (think Nginx, MySQL, Pulsar, and so on),
their purpose (webserver, database, application), their physical location, whether they're baremetal or a Docker
container, the PaaS/cloud provider it runs on, and much more. This allows you to see entire slices of your
infrastructure by moving from one War Room to another.

**End-to-end apps/services**: If you have a user-facing SaaS product, or an internal service that said product relies
on, you may want to monitor that entire stack in a single War Room. This might include Kubernetes clusters, Docker
containers, proxies, databases, web servers, brokers, and more. End-to-end War Rooms are valuable tools for ensuring the
health and performance of your organization's essential services.

**Incident response**: You can also create new War Rooms as one of the first steps in your incident response process.
For example, you have a user-facing web app that relies on Apache Pulsar for a message queue, and one of your nodes
using the [Pulsar collector](/docs/agent/collectors/go.d.plugin/modules/pulsar) begins reporting a suspiciously low
messages rate. You can create a War Room called `$year-$month-$day-pulsar-rate`, add all your Pulsar nodes in addition
to nodes they connect to, and begin diagnosing the root cause in a War Room optimized for getting to resolution as fast
as possible.

## Add War Rooms

You can add new War Rooms to any Space by clicking on the green plus icon **+** next the **War Rooms** heading.

![Add new War
Room](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/100913229-b749ce80-348e-11eb-9ebe-5db40df550d6.png)

A new panel slides in and prompts you to name the new War Room, give it a description, and choose whether it's public or
private. Anyone in your Space can join public War Rooms, but can only join private War Rooms with an invitation.

### Manage War Rooms

If you're an administrator of War Room, you can change its settings. Click on the War Room's name in the top navigation
to open a dropdown of options.

![Managing a War
Room](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1153921/100912857-3ee30d80-348e-11eb-8bb6-e54926ba3bc0.png)

To _change a War Room's name, description, or public/private status_, click on **Manage War Room**.

To _add a claimed node_ to a War Room, click on **Add Nodes**. Choose any claimed node you want to add to this War Room
by clicking on the checkbox next to its hostname, then click **+ Add** at the top of the panel.

To _view or remove nodes_ in a War Room, click on **List Nodes**. To remove a node from the curernt War Room, click on
the **ðŸ—‘** icon. Removing a node from a War Room does not remove it from your Space.

To _add existing users to a War Room_, click on **Add Users**. See our [invite doc](/docs/cloud/manage/invite-your-team)
for details on inviting new users to your Space in Netdata Cloud.

To _list users in a War Room_, click on **List Users**. You can also add new users with the **+** button.

## What's next?

Once you've figured out an organizational structure that works for your team, learn more about how you can use Netdata
Cloud to monitor distributed nodes using [real-time composite charts](/docs/cloud/visualize/overview).
