---
title: Netdata FAQ
description: Have a question about Netdata's monitoring platform? We an
custom_edit_url: null
id: faq
slug: /faq/
---

# FAQ

Have questions for us that aren't answered here? Hop over to our [community](https://community.netdata.cloud/) to ask
your question or create an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/issues/new/choose).

## How do I reinstall the Netdata Agent?

To reinstall the Netdata Agent, please follow our
[documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/packaging/installer/reinstall).

Many Linux distributions ship with third-party packages of Netdata in their package managers, such as `apt` for Ubuntu
and Debian. These packages omit certain parts of the Netdata experience, such as support for Netdata Cloud, and we can't
maintain these packages or ensure they are up-to-date. We recommend using our one-line installation script or our
official binary package repository.

## How do I update the Netdata Agent?

To update the Netdata Agent, please follow our
[documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/packaging/installer/update).

By default, Netdata Agents have nightly auto-updates enabled. If your Agent version is stuck, try
[reinstalling](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/packaging/installer/reinstall).

## How to find the logs of my Netdata Agent

To find the logs of your Netdata Agent, follow our [documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/daemon). To
show them in the terminal for deugging purposes use: `less /var/log/netdata/error.log`.

When searching for a specific keyword, you can use `grep` to only output the lines that have that `<KEYWORD>`, like
`grep <KEYWORD> /var/log/netdata/error.log`.

## How can Netdata be free?

The Netdata Agent is free, open source software licensed under GPL v3.0. No registration is required; just install and
go. It is ideal for single-node monitoring.

Netdata Cloud is free, closed source, software-as-a-service that brings together metadata from all of your endpoints
running the Netdata Agent, giving you a complete view of the health and performance of your infrastructure.

Because you retain all of your data, Netdata Cloud is extremely lightweight and performant, with very low incremental
cost and infinite scalability.

In the future, we will offer a paid plan with advanced functionality for enterprise users.

Netdata is a venture-funded company.

## Do you store data?

Any data collected by Netdata are collected and used for operational purposes and will not be sold or shared. Further,
metrics data are only streamed to Cloud, only on demand (when a user is viewing a chart or dashboard), and never saved.
Some operational Cloud metadata (such as dashboard configurations or chart configuration) are saved for operational
purposes

We have documented in great detail [what information we
gather](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/aclk#data-privacy) from Netdata Agents, either from telemetry for product
development or for advanced functionality in Netdata Cloud.

## Does Netdata supports Windows?

There is no native Windows package available. However, any Netdata installation running on a Linux host can collect
metrics from 

However, WMI metrics and Prometheus metrics can be collected from Windows machines as long as Netdata runs on a Linux
host and is properly configured.

- [WMI](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/collectors/go.d.plugin/modules/wmi)
- [Prometheus](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/collectors/go.d.plugin/modules/prometheus)

## Does Netdata supports Kubernetes deployments?

Netdata offers advanced monitoring for most LXC-based containerization technologies, such as Docker. You can read about
it in our [solution page](https://www.netdata.cloud/container-monitoring/).

At the moment, we don't offer advanced virtualizations to support a kubernetes deployment, but we are working on it!

## Is there an on-premises version available?

Not yet! Send us an email at [nfo@netdata.cloud](mailto:info@netdata.cloud) if you’re interested. We’d love to learn
more about your requirements and use case.

## What is `Main signal not enabling reaper`?

Everything is alright! It's a simple informational message emitted by the Netdata Agent.

## Can I automatically remove unreachable nodes from Netdata Cloud?

Currently it's not possible to automatically remove nodes from a Space or War Room. You can remove them manually from a
War Room, as we describe in our [documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/cloud/war-rooms).

## How can I moved a claimed node from one Space to another?

You must [reclaim the node](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/claim#remove-and-reclaim-a-node) to the new Space
using the claiming script.

## Why is my node `unreachable` in Netdata Cloud?

Try to restart the Netdata Agent as we illustrate in our [documentation](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/daemon).
If the issue persists, please do raise an issue in our [Netdata Cloud Support
category](https://community.netdata.cloud/c/support/cloud-support/15).

If the issue is not resolved with the restart, please [raise a
bug](https://github.com/netdata/netdata-cloud/issues/new/choose) in our bug tracker so that we can take a look into what
happened.

## Does Netdata support SNMP monitoring?

Netdata does support SNMP with the [SNMP
collector](https://learn.netdata.cloud/docs/agent/collectors/node.d.plugin/snmp). If you'd like to see more SNMP
capabilities, send us a [feature request](https://community.netdata.cloud/c/feature-requests/agent-fr/21) and we'll be
happy to discuss and learn about your use case!

